hey love so I promised you guys that I
would style this top that I received
from so head to toe it is a sheer
chiffon green top that ties in the front
and let me tell you guys it was the
perfect top to wear for this afternoon
because today was actually a cooler day
and this green really pops on my skin
and I also love the gold accent buttons
that are on this top it just makes it
look absolutely gorgeous and the fact
that it ties in the front makes it a
little different so I am just loving the
top and a link to the website so
head-to-toe will be down below just in
case you're interested in this tub or
any of the other pieces that they offer
along with this top I'm wearing a never
frost ring whenever I wear gold jewelry
I always wear this ever cross ring from
jewel myth because it goes so well with
let me tell you everything it is just
such a simple piece it has pave diamonds
on one side of the ring and it has a
smaller rectangular square on the other
side that's white and the whole ring is
pretty much fun a rectangular frame and
I just think it goes perfectly with any
outfit whenever I decide where gold so
if you're interested in this piece or
any other drill Matisse the link to
jewel mint will be down below of course
and as you probably already know but for
those who don't Gilman is a subscription
website where you can get one piece of
jewelry every month for thirty dollars
of course if you want more than one to
the jewelry you can do that as well and
I think the price is very good for the
fact that these pieces of jewelry you
can't get from any other website you
can't get it from any store and they're
so unique and stylish and every month
they offer new pieces and they also
always bring back older pieces so it's
definitely a website you want to check
out if you haven't already and like I
said you also want to check out so head
to toe
both of those links will be down below I
hope you guys enjoyed this outfit for
this afternoon and please comment rate
and subscribe and you guys know I love
you guys so very much coughs you guys
later love y'all